Updated content in REST page under Languages and SDK (#1606)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/code/rest/index.md

  > **Note:** Alternatively, you can [create an OAuth 2.0 access token](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/) for use with a number of Okta endpoints. This is a feature that allows you to interact with Okta APIs using scoped OAuth 2.0 access tokens. Each access token enables the bearer to perform specific actions on specific Okta endpoints, with that ability controlled by which scopes the access token contains.

2. [Install the Postman app](https://www.getpostman.com/apps).
3. Start Postman if it's not open already.

> 4. At the upper-left corner, click **Import**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the upper-left corner, click **Import**.
```

> ![Postman window](/img/postman_import_button.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the Import button at the upper-left corner of the Postman window")

Reviewer: I don't think this screen shot is necessary. There is only one button in that corner that says Import. It isn't small. It isn't a confusing corner. It isn't a hard-to-find button. I think we can leave this one out.

> 5. In the **Import** dialog box, click **Link**, then paste this link: `https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/postman/example.oktapreview.com.environment` in the **Enter a URL** box and click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Import** dialog box, click **Link** and then paste the following link into the **Enter a URL** box: `https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/postman/example.oktapreview.com.environment`.
6. Click **Continue** and then **Import** to confirm your environment import.
```

That step had a lot going on. Better as two - and with the link introduction at the end so the sentence isn't chopped up. Also combined the next step.

I removed the comma and added "and" because we want to emphasize that the two actions are both independent. If they’re not linked by the right conjunction, it implies that one is independent and the other is supportive. It’s also just good global english standard to set up a signifier. Plus, usually two things in a list are linked by a conjunction and not a comma.

> ![Postman Import dialog](/img/postman_import_dialog.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the Link tab in the Import dialog box")

Reviewer: I don't think this screen shot is necessary. It's a simple dialog box, with only one place that says Link, it's not hard to find, it's not a busy, confusing dialog box. I think we can leave this one out.

> 6. Under **Confirm your import**, click **Import**. ![Postman Import dialog for confirming import](/img/postman_import_dialog_confirm.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the Import button in the lower-right corner of the Import dialog box")

Reviewer: Remove this step (combined with the above) and the screen shot is unnecessary.

> A notification confirms that the import is complete.

Reviewer: remove this - we don't typically use step results unless the user has to do something with that result in order to move on.

> 7. At the upper-right corner, click the box that lists the environments, and then select `{yourOktaDomain}` from the list. (The initial value is **No Environment** if you just installed Postman.) ![Postman environment list box](/img/postman_environment_list.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the box in the upper-right corner of the window that contains environments for use with Postman")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the upper-right corner, click the box that lists the environments and then select `{yourOktaDomain}` from the list. The initial value is **No Environment** if you just installed Postman. ![Postman environment list box](/img/postman_environment_list.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the box in the upper-right corner of the window that contains environments for use with Postman")
```

> 8. At the upper-right corner, next to `{yourOktaDomain}`, click the **eye** symbol (Environment quick look). ![Postman environment quick look button](/img/postman_environment_quick_look.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the eye button in the upper-right corner of the Postman window")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the upper-right corner, next to `{yourOktaDomain}`, click **Environment quick look** (add an icon image here). ![Postman environment quick look button](/img/postman_environment_quick_look.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the eye button in the upper-right corner of the Postman window")
```

Style guide suggests using this format. Remove the large screen shot and replace it with a much smaller icon inline with the text that describes it. See Row 11 in the style guide here: https://oktawiki.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/722929640/InfoDev+Style+Guide#InfoDevStyleGuide-ISS

9. In the upper-right corner of the {yourOktaDomain} dialog box, click **Edit**. 

> ![Postman environment quick look edit link](/img/postman_environment_quick_look_edit.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the edit link in the top-right corner of the {yourOktaDomain} dialog box")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Postman environment quick look edit link](/img/postman_environment_quick_look_edit.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the edit link in the upper-right corner of the {yourOktaDomain} dialog box")
```

10. In the **MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS** dialog box, do the following:

>     * In the **Environment Name** box, delete the placeholder text and name your environment to something you recognize, for example: `John's Okta Org`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * In the **Environment Name** box, delete the placeholder text and name your environment, for example: `John's Okta Org`.
```

>     * In the table row for the **VARIABLE** `url`, on the **INITIAL VALUE** and **CURRENT VALUE** columns, replace the placeholder text with your org's full URL. For example, `https://dev-1234567.okta.com`. Remember to _remove_ the `-admin` part in the subdomain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For the `url` variable, in the **INITIAL VALUE** and **CURRENT VALUE** columns, replace the placeholder text with your org's full URL, for example: `https://dev-1234567.okta.com`. Remember to remove the `-admin` part of your subdomain.
```

Move the Note from the bottom of this section here. You didn't include the note in your PR, but it's out of place now and works nicely here with the "Remember to remove.." sentence.

Note: https://{yourOktaDomain} is different from your admin URL. Don’t include -admin in the value. When you copy your Okta domain from the Developer Console, you can find the correct value in the upper-right corner of the dashboard.

>     * In the table row for the **VARIABLE** `apikey`, on the **INITIAL VALUE** and **CURRENT VALUE** columns, enter your API token that you created earlier. For example, `00LzMWxMq_0sdErHy9Jf1sijEGexYZlsdGr9a4QjkS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For the `apikey` variable, in the **INITIAL VALUE** and **CURRENT VALUE** columns, enter your API token that you created earlier, for example: `00LzMWxMq_0sdErHy9Jf1sijEGexYZlsdGr9a4QjkS`.
```

    ![Postman MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box](/img/postman_manage_environments_dialog.png "Displays arrows that points to the Environment Name box and the url and apikey variables in the MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box")

> 11. To save the changes you made, scroll down all the way and click **Update**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Scroll to the bottom of the dialog box and click **Update**.
```

> 12. To close the **MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS** dialog box, click X in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. To close the dialog box, click the **X** in the upper-right corner.
```

> ![Postman MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box with additional options](/img/postman_closing_manage_environments_dialog.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the close button in the upper-right corner of the MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box")

Reviewer: This isn't necessary. We can remove this screen shot.

4. In the upper-left corner, click **Import**.
5. In the **Import** dialog box, click **Link** and then paste the following link into the **Enter a URL** box: `https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/postman/example.oktapreview.com.environment`.
6. Click **Continue** and then **Import** to confirm your environment import.
7. In the upper-right corner, click the box that lists the environments and then select `{yourOktaDomain}` from the list. The initial value is **No Environment** if you just installed Postman. ![Postman environment list box](/img/postman_environment_list.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the box in the upper-right corner of the window that contains environments for use with Postman")
8. In the upper-right corner, next to `{yourOktaDomain}`, click **Environment quick look** ![Postman environment quick look button](/img/postman_eye_icon_button.png  "Displays the eye icon button").
9. In the upper-right corner of the {yourOktaDomain} dialog box, click **Edit**.
![Postman environment quick look edit link](/img/postman_environment_quick_look_edit.png "Displays an arrow pointing to the edit link in the upper-right corner of the {yourOktaDomain} dialog box")

> 10. In the **MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS** dialog box, do the following:

Author: ```suggestion
10. In the **Manage Environment** dialog box, do the following:
```

    * In the **Environment Name** box, delete the placeholder text and name your environment, for example: `John's Okta Org`.

>     * For the `url` variable, in the **INITIAL VALUE** and **CURRENT VALUE** columns, replace the placeholder text with your org's full URL, for example: `https://dev-1234567.okta.com`. Remember to remove the `-admin` part of your subdomain.

Author: ```suggestion
    * For the `url` variable, in the **Initial Value** and **Current Value** columns, replace the placeholder text with your org's full URL, for example: `https://dev-1234567.okta.com`. Remember to remove the `-admin` part of your subdomain.
```

>     * For the `apikey` variable, in the **INITIAL VALUE** and **CURRENT VALUE** columns, enter your API token that you created earlier, for example: `00LzMWxMq_0sdErHy9Jf1sijEGexYZlsdGr9a4QjkS`.

Author: ```suggestion
    * For the `apikey` variable, in the **Initial Value** and **Current Value** columns, enter your API token that you created earlier, for example: `00LzMWxMq_0sdErHy9Jf1sijEGexYZlsdGr9a4QjkS`.
```

>     ![Postman MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box](/img/postman_manage_environments_dialog.png "Displays arrows that points to the Environment Name box and the url and apikey variables in the MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box")

Author: ```suggestion
    ![Postman MANAGE ENVIRONMENTS dialog box](/img/postman_manage_environments_dialog.png "Displays arrows that points to the Environment Name box and the url and apikey variables in the **Manage Environments** dialog box")
```
